# Grand Challenges Website - UKAI educational resource

Prototype website created in the week of Grand Challenges at the University of Exeter. This was to show how the website would work as part of a presentation of our idea in front of the other people who had taken part in the week.

Our group's proposal was to create a resource aimed at educating non-tech people on what AI is, how it actually works (in easy to understand language) and how it affects them. Our team of 5 worked to create a Ministerial Submission in the style that would be given the UK government talking about this idea. We had around 3 days to actually come up with an idea and turn it into something ready to present - with other time spent attending talks from a range of speakers.

The website was created alone, as other team members were busy working to create marketing materials, find information on funding and find out how we could turn this idea into something real.

Originally just written using HTML, CSS and Javascript, then updated to use React.js. First time using React after the tutorial on the React dev website [here](https://react.dev/learn/tutorial-tic-tac-toe) so the code is quite messy

Please note: Current educational content for each page was generated by ChatGPT, the real content would be written by professionals who work with AI to make sure that all information relayed is trustworthy, relevent and up to date. Content of the pages should be broadly ignored as it is, with only the section titles showing what kind of content the website would include.
